[terra-table] Uplift Table components, create HTML Table (#2615)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-table/src/terra-dev-site/doc/table/guides.91/SectionTable.3.doc.mdx

import SectionTable from 'terra-table/lib/terra-dev-site/doc/guides/SectionTable?dev-site-example';

# Terra Table - Implementing a Section Table

> Table sections are available in both static and collapsible varieties. A table section that is collapsed will be remove its children rows from the DOM. This improves performance and accessibility, but may remove potential state associated to a mounted row. If your table row content has additional state, it needs to be stored externally and reapplied when thawed for the next render that shows its section open. Since this render occurs at the same time that a collapsible section state changes, for additional optimization, collapsed sections do not necessarily need to be provided with child rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Table sections are available in both static and collapsible varieties. A table section that is collapsed will remove its children rows from the DOM. This improves performance and accessibility, but may remove potential state associated to a mounted row. If your table row content has additional state, it needs to be stored externally and reapplied when thawed for the next render that shows its section open.
```

## State Management
First defaulting our state to an empty array with the useState hook.
```diff
+  const [collapsedKeys, setCollapsedKeys] = useState([]);
```
Next creating an event handler callback method to pass to the section's `onSelect` prop. The `onSelect` callback will return the metaData prop passed to each section.
```diff
+  const handleSectionToggle = (event, metaData) => (
+
+  );
```
As a precaution we can prevent default on the event, in case the table has an ancestor with a listener. This also prevents the browser from auto page scrolling when we are intending to make a selection with the space bar.
```diff
  const handleSectionToggle = (event, metaData) => (
+   event.preventDefault();
  );
```

> Terra Table comes with additional helpers to manage state, in this case we want to determine if the selection has collapsed or opened the section using the section key in our state. So we use the utility method `toggleArrayValue`, which takes an array of keys and returns a new array of keys following the addition or removal of the key passed. We then set this as our state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terra Table comes with additional helpers to manage state, in this case we want to determine if the selection is collapsed using the section key in our state. So we use the utility method `toggleArrayValue`, which takes an array of keys and returns a new array of keys following the addition or removal of the key passed. We then set this as our state.
```

```diff
  const handleSectionToggle = (event, metaData) => (
    event.preventDefault();
+   setCollapsedKeys(Utils.toggleArrayValue(collapsedKeys, metaData.key));
  );
```

> Setting state will trigger another render. So in the render method we need to generate our sections with the updated isCollapsed and isCollapsible props. Each section needs a unique key, not necessarily associated to our own key, but it works as well. The table renders flat, so keys need to be unique even if items are placed within sections structurally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting state will trigger another render. In the render method we need to generate our table rows with the updated isCollapsed and isCollapsible props. Each section needs a unique key, not necessarily associated to our own key, but it works as well. The table renders flat, so keys need to be unique even if items are placed within sections.
```
